sbr videos is sponsored by sports cash
system click on the link below for more
information hello and welcome to world
sports weekly i'm your host Natalie
Rydstrom today we're going to take a
look at a few of the upcoming World Cup
qualifying matches and joining us today
to discuss the matches from a betting
perspective is SQL forum sports writer
and contributor Richard o'hagan Richard
welcome back to the show honestly it's
always good to be back now first much
will see us a take on jamaica on the
11th the Americans may have somewhat of
a psychological edge as they head in
with a three to one head-to-head
advantage over Jamaica dating back to
jun 2011 now they've also won the last
two including a two-to-one victory in
june of this year they're also
guaranteed a spot in the world cup so no
surprise USA is a sizable favorite in
this match and they're currently priced
at 1.25 courtesy of bet365 Jamaica is
priced at 15 so can Jamaica pull an
upset here or is your money going on the
US win well Natalie do you make a
certain color chance the only way they
can get into the qualifying part was a
further one match play off after this
one the only way they can get into this
is to win every single game they've got
remaining and hope that all the teams
above them slip up so they're certainly
going to be going for it the last game
between these two although the USA won
2-1 it was a very last minute goal that
got them that victory so the draw looks
and leads to be attractive bet here
until you remember that the USA really
want to win this group it improves their
savings for the actual world cup finals
they don't want to end up in that boss
and positive fourth of a group stages so
I think it is going to be a USA win but
I think it is going to be now it could
easily be 21 again I was going to say
how will we see USA come into this match
do you think as they know they've
already got a spot do you think they may
be a little bit more slack as if they if
they hadn't got a spot and they were
playing for that spot there well
thickness to most of you this Natalie
the thirst is that logically they're
going to come in and they're going to
try and win the game they're playing at
home and as I say they want to win the
group but there's always that thing at
the back of the mind even professional
sportsman little bit of complacency
creeps in when you know you don't
absolutely have to win a game so they
are a little bit vulnerable on that
front certainly how could a bet you
think the drall might be in this match
offered at 5.25 it's certainly a very
realistic prospect and if you want to
back for us
getting some points out of its been
obviously you've got better at value
there and you have backing a USA win so
definitely a possibility and it's a good
price bearing in mind what happened in
the last game as well because they
couldn't sleep at last minute equaliser
things would have been very different in
this entire group that's certainly right
and what's the best overall bet in your
estimation in my view the best bet
you'll find out there is on USA Jamaica
to be a drawer a half-time USA to win at
full time don't get you around about
44.5 at the moment that looks to me to
be the best value bet out there on this
game right okay richer thanks for
joining us alone